[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a fantasy action
film along with the gods
last 49 days spoiler ahead watch out and
take care in hell
one can receive a paragon status not
only by living a good life
but also by dying unjustly or
prematurely
in the previous episode the guardians
leader handsome
and cutie visited the living world took
the sacrificed firefighter kim to pass
the seven trials in hell
and finally have sent him to
reincarnation
now leader brings kim's brother his 49th
paragon
to the hell of filial piety defeating
numerous underworld soldiers
they finally get to meet the king of
afterlife but king refuses to try
brother
for he is a vengeful spirit after rounds
of leaders please and bargains
king agrees to try brother with a
prerequisite the guardians must reap an
elderly grandfather
who has overstayed his time in the
living world the grandpa and his
grandson are protected by a household
god
king has sent grim reapers year after
year to perform the mission
but all of them are turned back by the
household god
moreover the household god has appeared
as the muscular guy
strong to take care of the grandpa and
grandson
king adds that brother will be qualified
as a paragon only when they are able to
prove he is faultless or his death is
unnatural
so the trio splits up their work
handsome and cutie go to grandpa's house
to smash the incense burner of strong
while leader escorts brother through his
trials
in the human world handsome and cutie
put up a fight with strong
but lose to him later it is revealed
that strong was a royal painter
and he was even their guardian back then
when handsome and cutie were escorted to
hell
as a result strong knows inside out
about their lives and deaths
noting that neither of them remembers
him strong lets out a sigh
he shares with them the reason why he
protects this family
it is all due to his love and concern
for the young orphan grandson
strong promises that he will let them
bring grandpa to hell once grandson is
enrolled in school
cutie and handsome return to health and
report everything to leader
in order to prevent any unforeseen
change leader orders his two assistants
to eliminate strong as soon as possible
after cutie and hansen take their leave
leader sets brother up as bait to get a
quick ride from the sea monster to the
hell of imbalance
back to the living world cutie and
handsome discover that strong cannot
raise a finger at humans
as such he has no power to stop the lone
sharks who come to disturb the family
in the chaos frog gets into contact with
smelly man
and faints right away handsome takes
this opportunity to offer help
in exchange for information about the
two's past
putting the safety of the grandpa and
grandson first strong agrees with it
in the blink of an eye hansen has beaten
all the lone sharks to the ground
strong then fulfills his promise by
disclosing their past
handsome used to be a great general and
the mere mention of his name would scare
enemies out of the way
he was also known colloquially as the
white fur general a mere imagination of
his awe-inspiring appearance
handsome is shrilled and even his
character changes
as they get closer cutie and handsome
find out that strong has invested
all the house demolition payments into
the stock market
in order to secure proper education and
good care for grandson
they turn to an orphanage this proves
difficult
as the admission requires approval from
the boy's father but the father had long
run away from gambling debts
handsome cutie and strong hence leave
the orphanage disappointed
at this time strong reveals more about
cutie's previous life
back then cutie set up a safe house in
the midst of the mountains
to protect and care for a number of
orphans she took
great care of all of them until she died
at the age of 18.
back to the trials leader and brother
moved from hell of indolence to hell of
violence
but quarrel again breaks out between the
two to win over the troublemaking soul
who does not see any point in
reincarnation leader unfolds his painful
past
leader's father was an accomplished
general once during a war
his father had adopted a boy whose
parents had passed away
the father took care of the boy and
taught him well leader did not
understand why his father spent so much
time and effort on the orphan
and he often bullied the adopted younger
brother the boy's skills gradually
improved
until one day he easily overpowered
leader but the jealous leader cannot
accept the fact that he lost to an
outsider
intrigued by such a story brother
willingly follows leader to the hell of
filial piety
but when they cross the desert the
ghouls appear in the most fearful images
due to brothers hallucination at once
the two are besieged and attacked by
various kinds of dinosaurs
even so brother cannot stop his
hallucination
in the end leader and brother are
swallowed by a gigantic black dragon
emerged from underground while chatting
inside the stomach of the black dragon
brother manages to find out more about
leaders past life
leader painfully recalls that his father
loved the adopted brother much more
and even secretly entrusted the war to
him the battle was a failure
and only the brothers survived his
father and the fifty thousand soldiers
all died
later was then made as the next general
to lead the army
right then he sent the younger brother
to the frontier as a form of punishment
the black dragon spits out leader and
brother as they reach the hell of
betrayal
brother is not aware that he was buried
alive by his trusted army buddies
so along the way leader gives many hints
to prepare him for the inconvenient
truth
but when they are at the hell of
injustice brother prefers taking the
punishment to believing that he was
killed deliberately
in order to support his statement leader
requests to call up junior as the
witness
unfortunately before junior gives a full
account time for junior stay in hell
runs out resulting in his death since no
clear proof is provided
god of injustice cannot issue any ruling
so he releases brother
as suggested by leader brother in turn
cannot forgive leader for causing
junior's death
while in a living world they are getting
some special assistance funds for
grandpa
however grandpa is too honest to pass
the qualification interview
knowing their tough circumstances the
officer advises them to send grandson
overseas for adoption
this way even after grandpa passes away
grandson will be in good hands
however grandpa strongly objects to the
plan
the issue also sparks off conflicting
views from handsome and strong
in their fierce argument cuny hears
pieces about her past
that is entangled with handsome back
then the exile cutie was captured by
general handsome
handsome spared her life feeling pity
for her and the orphans she looked after
since then hansen helped them out in
many ways
soon he realized the orphan's parents
were actually enemies
slaughtered by him in war resolute to
make amends
he secretly shipped military food supply
to them and sent a false report to his
superior
as far as she knows cutie cannot forgive
handsome so easily
she bursts into anger holding to the
grudges that her parents were killed by
handsome
strong's application to become
grandson's guardian is approved by the
government
before they can celebrate they are faced
with the demolition officers
sensing that troubles are underway they
rush back to the house immediately
as expected the officers destroy many
things in the house
and shove grandpa to the ground worse
still they smash the incense holder of
the house god strong
into pieces strong is therefore weakened
in power as the incense holder is broken
before strong vanishes he tells handsome
and cutie what he knows about their
human life
at that time when military supply was
already lacking due to the endless wars
hansom continued to support the orphans
with food
his unfaithfulness was finally exposed
to his superior
the superior personally came to capture
handsome and punish him
handsome endured and overcame the
painful attacks by wolves
and ran to rescue cutie he confessed to
cutie he killed her parents
and cutie forgave him moments later
however
strong passes away without finishing the
story
when grandson wakes up to find strong
missing he flees the house with tears
handsome intends to follow grandson
but he is distracted by grandson's
notebook combining the messages written
in the notebook
and strong's last reminder to them he
realizes that the superior who put him
to death
is nobody else but the leader such a
shocking truth has driven both handsome
and cutie mad
back to the trials leader has brought
brother to the hell of violence
in the face of the prosecutor's
accusation leader requests to withhold
the judgment
using his own reincarnation as the
bargaining chip
as if it is not shocking enough leader
requires to have the lieutenant and king
to be the witnesses of the next court
hell of murder on their journey to the
hell of murder
brother presses to know the entire story
of leader's life
it turns out the adopted brother he
drove away is handsome
when the jealous leader discovered that
handsome had committed treason
by feeding the descendants of their
enemies he could not wait to kill him
at the execution cutie stabbed leader
with a knife
leader retaliated by killing cutie but
succumbed to his own deadly wounds
in his dying breaths king approached
leader and offered him a chance of
redemption
that is to become a grim reaper to work
together with handsome and cutie
to help 49 souls reincarnate over the
period of a thousand years
however while handsome and cutie's
memories are erased
leaders memory would be kept intact only
when he accomplishes the millennium task
his memories will be cleared to enter
the reincarnation
brother now realizes that the trial is
not only for himself
but also for the leader cutie wants to
confirm with leader
if what she heard of is true but tears
run down her face
she manages to regain her composure and
updates leader about strong's death
leader quickly leads brother to the hell
of violence where lieutenant is seated
in court as a witness
to put down the prosecutor's accusation
leader confesses his own sins
of killing the innocent adopted brother
handsome and cutie
moreover he covered up the fact that his
father was still alive
fearing that his adopted brother would
assume the position of general
leader walked away without saving his
badly injured father
as a result his father was left
unattended to die in the end
over the long stretch of a thousand
years leader is drowned in grief and
regret
without any chance to be forgiven but
lieutenant still has a chance if he
admits his wrongs
so under leaders persistent
confrontation and persuasion
lieutenant truly repents and receives
forgiveness from brother
thanks to the lieutenant statement
brother is proven innocent
the last trial softens leaders calloused
heart leading him to forsake his
reckless behavior and attitude
with a renewed mindset leader now gives
more time to grandpa to continue taking
care of grandson
and even apologizes to his two
assistants right now
their next paragon junior is wandering
at the entrance
in the living world the stock market
sees a revival and surge such that
strong's investment finally makes great
returns for the family
the portal of reincarnation brother
accepts the king's offer to serve the
underworld
but little does he know that king is
actually the leader's deceased
father back to the devastated
battlefield the esteemed general was
chosen to take over the job of afterlife
king
watching what his son had done he
decided to correct his wrongs
so he tearfully accepted the offer with
one condition making his appearance
changed before seeing his two sons in
hell as planned
everything finally falls back on the
right track
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out